this morning I have a little choir I
have some fun stuff going on after
school though I have my first dance
lesson since 8th grade and I'm really
excited
I never button my top button because I
feel like I can't get out of the
bathroom
[Music]
Oh gross that's like a very accurate
representation of how every morning is
now we run
[Music]
[Applause]
why is your girlfriend finally meaning
your gestures gonna finally get out
there and so we're eloping next yeah
don't tell them we're eloping next week
don't say anything my mom's my many
mom's mr. Schaefer is my Latin mom
leaves my YouTube mom where did you find
that next class we have going on a
seminary go ahead and certain a the
meaning I don't feel like it anymore
so we have seminary which is like a
description which will go to right now
yeah she's like what do you like this we
have going on is calculus and it's just
hanging I'm really learning in that
class Fridays we just kinda I wait in
the high grass gazing a my treasured
collectible thinnest the ants have
joined us they clambered up the lavinia
oh make those faces
so it's now lunchtime all the kids just
bananaphone 24 that's our year that's
our year that's all you're a graduate
college
you'll remove one mr. Graham you really
are new you new ones
you know look it up you're a mean one
mr. Grinch you really are yeah they do
comment down below if you listen to the
new mr. Ridge I love the old ones better
but like I remember when Rock was young
Suzie will not accept your arm wrestling
challenge I'm going to go this thing
Elton John in the corner oh thank you
right after lunchtime and a steady home
during the study of all school stuff
videos so I'm probably just gonna start
editing this every time so it comes in
here and was like I don't know so I just
edited like part of the morning of this
blog I'm like realizing how crazy my
warnings are now that study hall is over
I'm now going to head to music class
which is mandatory for everyone but I
would take it anyway because I love
singing so tell them what class right
now
show them your water bottle and tell
them what you aren't
I thought tasted Christmas last year and
this goes who started this
it's a few days later but I wanted to
end this video I really hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe if you
haven't already make sure that you bring
the Bell
down below just so you'll get notified
every time I upload a video so you don't
have to like remember like oh I forgot
you have a video but you'll get a little
notification on your phone that tells
you that I uploaded I love you guys so
much and I just want to thank you for
watching the video I hope you enjoyed it
and I will see you next Tuesday bye
[Music]